README.md, before:

# MAMSI
![MAMSI_logo](https://github.com/kopeckylukas/py-mamsi/blob/main/docs/images/MAMSI_logo.png?raw=true)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD_3--Clause-blue.svg)](https://github.com/kopeckylukas/py-mamsi/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-available-brightgreen.svg)](https://kopeckylukas.github.io/py-mamsi/) 
[![pages-build-deployment](https://github.com/kopeckylukas/py-mamsi/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment/badge.svg)](https://kopeckylukas.github.io/py-mamsi/)
[![PyPI version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/mamsi.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/mamsi/)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/823594568.svg)](https://zenodo.org/doi/10.5281/zenodo.13619607)

MAMSI is a Python framework designed for the integration of multi-assay mass spectrometry datasets. 
In addition, the MAMSI framework provides a platform for linking statistically significant features of untargeted multi-assay liquid chromatography – mass spectrometry (LC-MS) metabolomics datasets into clusters defined by their structural properties based on mass-to-charge ratio (*m/z*) and retention time (*RT*).

*N.B. the framework was tested on metabolomics phenotyping data, but it should be usable with other types of LC-MS data.*


## Features
- Data integration analysis using the Multi-Block Partial Least Squares (MB-PLS) [[1](#references)] algorithm.
- Multi-Block Variable Importance in Projection (MB-VIP) [[2](#references)].
- Estimation of statistically significant features (variables) using MB-VIP and permutation testing.
- Linking significant features into clusters defined by structural properties of metabolites.
- Feature network links.
- Annotation of untargeted LC-MS features (only supported for assays analysed by the National Phenome Centre).

## Documentation
The documentation for this package is available at [https://kopeckylukas.github.io/py-mamsi/](https://kopeckylukas.github.io/py-mamsi/).

# Installation 
### Dependencies
- mbpls==1.0.4
- pandas
- numpy
- matplotlib
- scipy
- scikit-learn
- seaborn
- networkx
- pyvis
- joblib

## User Installation 

### Installing with Pip
You can install MAMSI from PyPI using pip: 
```bash
pip install mamsi
```

### Installing from source-code
You can install it directly from source code given you have installed both Python (>=3.9) and PIP.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/kopeckylukas/py-mamsi
cd py-mamsi
```

When you are in the cloned project folder, type the following code to install MAMSI and all dependencies: 
```bahs
pip install .
```

**Alternatively**, you can install dependencies using pip and MAMSI using Python:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
python setup.py develop
```

# Quickstart
You can find all MAMSI tutorials by visiting our **[MAMSI Tutorials](https://github.com/kopeckylukas/py-mamsi-tutorials)** repository. To import and instantiate the package objects, you can follow this quickstart guide:

<details>
<summary>Read more</summary>

**Load Packages**
```python 
from mamsi.mamsi_pls import MamsiPls
from mamsi.mamsi_struct_search import MamsiStructSearch
import pandas as pd
import numpy as np
```

**Load Sample Data and MamsiPls Model** 
<br> Data used within this quickstart guide originate from the AddNeuroMed cohort [[3](#references)] - dataset of Alzheimer's disease patients. 
You can download the sample data from this [link](https://github.com/kopeckylukas/py-mamsi-tutorials/tree/main/sample_data).


```python
metadata = pd.read_csv('./sample_data/alz_metadata.csv')
# The PLS algorithm requires the response variable to be numeric. 
# We will encode the outcome "Gender" (Biological Sex) as 1 for female and 0 for male subjects. 
y = metadata["Gender"].apply(lambda x: 1 if x == 'Female' else 0)

# Import LC-MS data
# Add prefix to the columns names. This will be crucial for interpreting the results later on.
hpos = pd.read_csv('./sample_data/alz_hpos.csv').add_prefix('HPOS_')
lpos = pd.read_csv('./sample_data/alz_lpos.csv').add_prefix('LPOS_')
lneg = pd.read_csv('./sample_data/alz_lneg.csv').add_prefix('LNEG_')
```

Fit MamsiPls Model and Estimate LVs
```python 
mamsipls = MamsiPls(n_components=1)
mamsipls.fit([hpos, lpos, lneg], y)
```

**Estimate Latent Variables and Feature Importance**
```python
mamsipls.estimate_lv([hpos, lpos, lneg], y, metric='auc')
```
<br> You can visualise the MB-VIP:
```python
mb_vip = mamsipls.mb_vip(plot=True)
```
or estimate empirical p-values for all features: 

```python
p_vals, null_vip = mamsipls.mb_vip_permtest([hpos, lpos, lneg], y, n_permutations=10000, return_scores=True)
```

**Interpret Statistically Significant Features**
```python
x = pd.concat([hpos, lpos, lneg], axis=1)

mask = np.where(p_vals < 0.01)
selected = x.iloc[:, mask[0]]
```
Use `MamsiStrustSearch` to search for structural links within the statistically significant features. <br>
Firstly, all features are split into retention time (*RT*) windows of 5 seconds intervals, then each RT window is searched for isotopologue signatures by searching mass differences of 1.00335 Da between mass-to-charge ratios (*m/z*) of the features; if two or more features resemble a mass isotopologue signature then they are grouped together. This is followed by a search for common adduct signatures. This is achieved by calculating hypothetical neutral masses based on common adducts in electrospray ionisation. If hypothetical neutral masses match for two or more features within a pre-defined tolerance (15 *ppm*) then these features are grouped together. Overlapping adduct clusters and isotopologue clusters are then merged to form structural clusters. Further, we search cross-assay clusters using [M+H]<sup>+</sup>/[M-H]<sup>-</sup> as link references. Additionally, our structural search tool, that utilises region of interest [(ROI) files](https://github.com/phenomecentre/npc-open-lcms) from peakPantheR [[4](#references)], allows for automated annotation of  some features based on the *RT* for a given chromatography and *m/z*.
   
```python
struct = MamsiStructSearch(rt_win=5, ppm=10)
struct.load_lcms(selected)
struct.get_structural_clusters(annotate=True)
```
Further, you can use the `MamsiStrustSearch.get_correlation_clusters()` method to find correlation clusters.
```python
struct.get_correlation_clusters(flat_method='silhouette', max_clusters=11)
```
Finally, we visualise the structural relationships using a network plot. The different node colours represent different flattened hierarchical correlation clusters, while the edges between nodes identify their structural links. You can also save the network as an NX object and review in Cytoscape to get better insight on what the structural relationships between individual features are (e.g. adduct links, isotopologues, cross-assay links).
```python
network = struct.get_structural_network(include_all=True, interactive=False, labels=True, return_nx_object=True)
```
</details>
<br>

# Issues and Collaboration
Thank you for supporting the MAMSI project. MAMSI is an open-source software and welcomes any form of contribution and support.

## Issues
Please submit any bugs or issues via the project's GitHub [issue page](https://github.com/kopeckylukas/py-mamsi/issues) and any include details about the (```mamsi.__version__```) together with any relevant input data/metadata. 

## Collaboration
### Pull requests
You can actively collaborate on MAMSI package by submitting any changes via a pull request. All pull requests will be reviewed by the MAMSI team and merged in due course. 

### Contributions
If you would like to become a contributor on the MAMSI project, please contact [Lukas Kopecky](https://profiles.imperial.ac.uk/l.kopecky22).

# Acknowledgement
This package was developed as part of Lukas Kopecky's PhD project at [Imperial College London](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/metabolism-digestion-reproduction/research/systems-medicine/), funded by [Waters UK](https://www.waters.com/nextgen/gb/en.html). It is free to use, published under BSD 3-Clause [licence](./LICENCE).

The authors of this package would like to acknowledge the authors of the [mbpls](https://pypi.org/project/mbpls/) package [[1](#references)] which became the backbone of MAMSI. For more information on MB-PLS, please visit [MB-PLS Documentation](https://mbpls.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

Further, we would like to thank Prof Simon Lovestone and Dr Shivani Misra for allowing us to use their data, AddNeuroMed [[3](#references)] and MY Diabetes [[5](#references)] respectively, for the development of this package. 

# Citing us
If you use MAMSI in a scientific publication, we would appreciate citations. 

## Release
```
@misc{MAMSI2024,
  author       = {Lukas Kopecky, Elizabeth J Want, Timothy MD Ebbels},
  title        = {MAMSI: Multi-Assay Mass Spectrometry Integration},
  year         = 2024,
  url          = {https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.13619607},
  note         = {Zenodo. Version 1.0.0},
  doi          = {10.5281/zenodo.13619607}
}
```

## Publication
The MAMSI publication is currently under the review process. 

# References
[1] A. Baum and L. Vermue, "Multiblock PLS: Block dependent prediction modeling for Python," *J. Open Source Softw.*, vol. 4, no. 34, 2019, doi: [10.21105/joss.01190](https://joss.theoj.org/papers/10.21105/joss.01190).

[2] C. Wieder *et al.*, "PathIntegrate: Multivariate modelling approaches for pathway-based multi-omics data integration," *PLOS Comput. Biol.*, vol. 20, no. 3, p. e1011814, Mar 2024, doi: [10.1371/journal.pcbi.1011814](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/38527092/).

[3] S. Lovestone *et al.*, "AddNeuroMed—The European Collaboration for the Discovery of Novel Biomarkers for Alzheimer's Disease," *Ann. N. Y. Acad. Sci*, vol. 1180, no. 1, pp. 36-46, 2009, doi: [10.1111/j.1749-6632.2009.05064.x](https://nyaspubs.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1749-6632.2009.05064.x).

[4] A. M. Wolfer *et al.*, "peakPantheR, an R package for large-scale targeted extraction and integration of annotated metabolic features in LC–MS profiling datasets," *Bioinformatics*, vol. 37, no. 24, pp. 4886-4888, 2021, doi: [10.1093/bioinformatics/btab433](https://academic.oup.com/bioinformatics/article/37/24/4886/6298587).

[5] S. Misra *et al.*, "Systematic screening for monogenic diabetes in people of South Asian and African Caribbean ethnicity: Preliminary results from the My Diabetes study," presented at the *Diabet. Med.*, Mar 2018.

# Version History
<details>
<summary>Read more</summary>

## v1.0.4
**New Features**
- Parallelised `.kfold_cv()`
- Parallelised `.montecarlo_cv()`
- Parallelised `.estimate_lv()`
- Parallelised `.mb_vip_permtest()`

## v1.0.3
**New Features** 
- *k*-fold cross-validation implemented as a method `.kfold_cv()` that can be used for model performance evaluation. This method includes GroupKFold option.
- Monte Carlo cross-validaton (MCCV), also nown as 'random sampling cross-validation' implemented as a method `.montecarlo_cv()` that can be used for model performance evaluation.
- `.estimate_lv()` method now allows to choose between *k*-fold CV and MC-CV using parameter `method`

**Bug Fixes and Behavioural Changes**
- Plot title for `.block_importance()` fixed.
- For regression analysis, MSE metric changed to RMSE
- For `.estimate_lv()` method, parameter `y_continuous=False` was replaced with `classification=True` 


## v1.0.2
**New Features**
- New method 'MamsiPls.block_importance()': Calculate the block importance for each block in the multiblock PLS model and plot the results.

**Minor Bug Fixes and Behaviour Changes**
- Behavioural changes for `MamsiPls.mb_vip()`: The MB-VIP plot is now printed by default, scores are not returned by default. New default arguments (plot=True, get_scores=False).
- Argument changes for `MamsiPls.estimate_lv()`: Old Arguments (no_folds, n_components) changed to (n_slplits, max_components) respectively. 
- Plots: 'Verdana' is no longer the default font. The default font changed to Matplotlib default 'DejaVu Sans'.
- Updates to `MamsiStructSearch` class to comply with future warnings - Pandas 3.0.


## v1.0.1
**Minor Bugs Update** 
- Fixes instances where flattened correlation clusters were misaligned to structural clusters.
- Readme licence badge links directly to GitHub licence file (URL).


## v1.0.0
**Initial Release**
</details>

Commit message:

add disclamer to install MAMSI from source code if installing MAMSI on Windows based systems

README.md, after:

# MAMSI
![MAMSI_logo](https://github.com/kopeckylukas/py-mamsi/blob/main/docs/images/MAMSI_logo.png?raw=true)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD_3--Clause-blue.svg)](https://github.com/kopeckylukas/py-mamsi/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-available-brightgreen.svg)](https://kopeckylukas.github.io/py-mamsi/) 
[![pages-build-deployment](https://github.com/kopeckylukas/py-mamsi/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment/badge.svg)](https://kopeckylukas.github.io/py-mamsi/)
[![PyPI version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/mamsi.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/mamsi/)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/823594568.svg)](https://zenodo.org/doi/10.5281/zenodo.13619607)

MAMSI is a Python framework designed for the integration of multi-assay mass spectrometry datasets. 
In addition, the MAMSI framework provides a platform for linking statistically significant features of untargeted multi-assay liquid chromatography – mass spectrometry (LC-MS) metabolomics datasets into clusters defined by their structural properties based on mass-to-charge ratio (*m/z*) and retention time (*RT*).

*N.B. the framework was tested on metabolomics phenotyping data, but it should be usable with other types of LC-MS data.*


## Features
- Data integration analysis using the Multi-Block Partial Least Squares (MB-PLS) [[1](#references)] algorithm.
- Multi-Block Variable Importance in Projection (MB-VIP) [[2](#references)].
- Estimation of statistically significant features (variables) using MB-VIP and permutation testing.
- Linking significant features into clusters defined by structural properties of metabolites.
- Feature network links.
- Annotation of untargeted LC-MS features (only supported for assays analysed by the National Phenome Centre).

## Documentation
The documentation for this package is available at [https://kopeckylukas.github.io/py-mamsi/](https://kopeckylukas.github.io/py-mamsi/).

# Installation 
### Dependencies
- mbpls==1.0.4
- pandas
- numpy
- matplotlib
- scipy
- scikit-learn
- seaborn
- networkx
- pyvis
- joblib

## User Installation 

### Installing with Pip
*`Note:` On some Windows-based machines error arises with handling int32 in `.montecarlo_cv()` method that will be fixed in v1.0.5. If you are using Windows-based system, install MAMSI from source code.*

You can install MAMSI from PyPI using pip: 
```bash
pip install mamsi
```

### Installing from source-code
You can install it directly from source code given you have installed both Python (>=3.9) and PIP.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/kopeckylukas/py-mamsi
cd py-mamsi
```

When you are in the cloned project folder, type the following code to install MAMSI and all dependencies: 
```bahs
pip install .
```

**Alternatively**, you can install dependencies using pip and MAMSI using Python:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
python setup.py develop
```

# Quickstart
You can find all MAMSI tutorials by visiting our **[MAMSI Tutorials](https://github.com/kopeckylukas/py-mamsi-tutorials)** repository. To import and instantiate the package objects, you can follow this quickstart guide:

<details>
<summary>Read more</summary>

**Load Packages**
```python 
from mamsi.mamsi_pls import MamsiPls
from mamsi.mamsi_struct_search import MamsiStructSearch
import pandas as pd
import numpy as np
```

**Load Sample Data and MamsiPls Model** 
<br> Data used within this quickstart guide originate from the AddNeuroMed cohort [[3](#references)] - dataset of Alzheimer's disease patients. 
You can download the sample data from this [link](https://github.com/kopeckylukas/py-mamsi-tutorials/tree/main/sample_data).


```python
metadata = pd.read_csv('./sample_data/alz_metadata.csv')
# The PLS algorithm requires the response variable to be numeric. 
# We will encode the outcome "Gender" (Biological Sex) as 1 for female and 0 for male subjects. 
y = metadata["Gender"].apply(lambda x: 1 if x == 'Female' else 0)

# Import LC-MS data
# Add prefix to the columns names. This will be crucial for interpreting the results later on.
hpos = pd.read_csv('./sample_data/alz_hpos.csv').add_prefix('HPOS_')
lpos = pd.read_csv('./sample_data/alz_lpos.csv').add_prefix('LPOS_')
lneg = pd.read_csv('./sample_data/alz_lneg.csv').add_prefix('LNEG_')
```

Fit MamsiPls Model and Estimate LVs
```python 
mamsipls = MamsiPls(n_components=1)
mamsipls.fit([hpos, lpos, lneg], y)
```

**Estimate Latent Variables and Feature Importance**
```python
mamsipls.estimate_lv([hpos, lpos, lneg], y, metric='auc')
```
<br> You can visualise the MB-VIP:
```python
mb_vip = mamsipls.mb_vip(plot=True)
```
or estimate empirical p-values for all features: 

```python
p_vals, null_vip = mamsipls.mb_vip_permtest([hpos, lpos, lneg], y, n_permutations=10000, return_scores=True)
```

**Interpret Statistically Significant Features**
```python
x = pd.concat([hpos, lpos, lneg], axis=1)

mask = np.where(p_vals < 0.01)
selected = x.iloc[:, mask[0]]
```
Use `MamsiStrustSearch` to search for structural links within the statistically significant features. <br>
Firstly, all features are split into retention time (*RT*) windows of 5 seconds intervals, then each RT window is searched for isotopologue signatures by searching mass differences of 1.00335 Da between mass-to-charge ratios (*m/z*) of the features; if two or more features resemble a mass isotopologue signature then they are grouped together. This is followed by a search for common adduct signatures. This is achieved by calculating hypothetical neutral masses based on common adducts in electrospray ionisation. If hypothetical neutral masses match for two or more features within a pre-defined tolerance (15 *ppm*) then these features are grouped together. Overlapping adduct clusters and isotopologue clusters are then merged to form structural clusters. Further, we search cross-assay clusters using [M+H]<sup>+</sup>/[M-H]<sup>-</sup> as link references. Additionally, our structural search tool, that utilises region of interest [(ROI) files](https://github.com/phenomecentre/npc-open-lcms) from peakPantheR [[4](#references)], allows for automated annotation of  some features based on the *RT* for a given chromatography and *m/z*.
   
```python
struct = MamsiStructSearch(rt_win=5, ppm=10)
struct.load_lcms(selected)
struct.get_structural_clusters(annotate=True)
```
Further, you can use the `MamsiStrustSearch.get_correlation_clusters()` method to find correlation clusters.
```python
struct.get_correlation_clusters(flat_method='silhouette', max_clusters=11)
```
Finally, we visualise the structural relationships using a network plot. The different node colours represent different flattened hierarchical correlation clusters, while the edges between nodes identify their structural links. You can also save the network as an NX object and review in Cytoscape to get better insight on what the structural relationships between individual features are (e.g. adduct links, isotopologues, cross-assay links).
```python
network = struct.get_structural_network(include_all=True, interactive=False, labels=True, return_nx_object=True)
```
</details>
<br>

# Issues and Collaboration
Thank you for supporting the MAMSI project. MAMSI is an open-source software and welcomes any form of contribution and support.

## Issues
Please submit any bugs or issues via the project's GitHub [issue page](https://github.com/kopeckylukas/py-mamsi/issues) and any include details about the (```mamsi.__version__```) together with any relevant input data/metadata. 

## Collaboration
### Pull requests
You can actively collaborate on MAMSI package by submitting any changes via a pull request. All pull requests will be reviewed by the MAMSI team and merged in due course. 

### Contributions
If you would like to become a contributor on the MAMSI project, please contact [Lukas Kopecky](https://profiles.imperial.ac.uk/l.kopecky22).

# Acknowledgement
This package was developed as part of Lukas Kopecky's PhD project at [Imperial College London](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/metabolism-digestion-reproduction/research/systems-medicine/), funded by [Waters UK](https://www.waters.com/nextgen/gb/en.html). It is free to use, published under BSD 3-Clause [licence](./LICENCE).

The authors of this package would like to acknowledge the authors of the [mbpls](https://pypi.org/project/mbpls/) package [[1](#references)] which became the backbone of MAMSI. For more information on MB-PLS, please visit [MB-PLS Documentation](https://mbpls.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

Further, we would like to thank Prof Simon Lovestone and Dr Shivani Misra for allowing us to use their data, AddNeuroMed [[3](#references)] and MY Diabetes [[5](#references)] respectively, for the development of this package. 

# Citing us
If you use MAMSI in a scientific publication, we would appreciate citations. 

## Release
```
@misc{MAMSI2024,
  author       = {Lukas Kopecky, Elizabeth J Want, Timothy MD Ebbels},
  title        = {MAMSI: Multi-Assay Mass Spectrometry Integration},
  year         = 2024,
  url          = {https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.13619607},
  note         = {Zenodo. Version 1.0.0},
  doi          = {10.5281/zenodo.13619607}
}
```

## Publication
The MAMSI publication is currently under the review process. 

# References
[1] A. Baum and L. Vermue, "Multiblock PLS: Block dependent prediction modeling for Python," *J. Open Source Softw.*, vol. 4, no. 34, 2019, doi: [10.21105/joss.01190](https://joss.theoj.org/papers/10.21105/joss.01190).

[2] C. Wieder *et al.*, "PathIntegrate: Multivariate modelling approaches for pathway-based multi-omics data integration," *PLOS Comput. Biol.*, vol. 20, no. 3, p. e1011814, Mar 2024, doi: [10.1371/journal.pcbi.1011814](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/38527092/).

[3] S. Lovestone *et al.*, "AddNeuroMed—The European Collaboration for the Discovery of Novel Biomarkers for Alzheimer's Disease," *Ann. N. Y. Acad. Sci*, vol. 1180, no. 1, pp. 36-46, 2009, doi: [10.1111/j.1749-6632.2009.05064.x](https://nyaspubs.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1749-6632.2009.05064.x).

[4] A. M. Wolfer *et al.*, "peakPantheR, an R package for large-scale targeted extraction and integration of annotated metabolic features in LC–MS profiling datasets," *Bioinformatics*, vol. 37, no. 24, pp. 4886-4888, 2021, doi: [10.1093/bioinformatics/btab433](https://academic.oup.com/bioinformatics/article/37/24/4886/6298587).

[5] S. Misra *et al.*, "Systematic screening for monogenic diabetes in people of South Asian and African Caribbean ethnicity: Preliminary results from the My Diabetes study," presented at the *Diabet. Med.*, Mar 2018.

# Version History
<details>
<summary>Read more</summary>

## v1.0.4
**New Features**
- Parallelised `.kfold_cv()`
- Parallelised `.montecarlo_cv()`
- Parallelised `.estimate_lv()`
- Parallelised `.mb_vip_permtest()`

## v1.0.3
**New Features** 
- *k*-fold cross-validation implemented as a method `.kfold_cv()` that can be used for model performance evaluation. This method includes GroupKFold option.
- Monte Carlo cross-validaton (MCCV), also nown as 'random sampling cross-validation' implemented as a method `.montecarlo_cv()` that can be used for model performance evaluation.
- `.estimate_lv()` method now allows to choose between *k*-fold CV and MC-CV using parameter `method`

**Bug Fixes and Behavioural Changes**
- Plot title for `.block_importance()` fixed.
- For regression analysis, MSE metric changed to RMSE
- For `.estimate_lv()` method, parameter `y_continuous=False` was replaced with `classification=True` 


## v1.0.2
**New Features**
- New method 'MamsiPls.block_importance()': Calculate the block importance for each block in the multiblock PLS model and plot the results.

**Minor Bug Fixes and Behaviour Changes**
- Behavioural changes for `MamsiPls.mb_vip()`: The MB-VIP plot is now printed by default, scores are not returned by default. New default arguments (plot=True, get_scores=False).
- Argument changes for `MamsiPls.estimate_lv()`: Old Arguments (no_folds, n_components) changed to (n_slplits, max_components) respectively. 
- Plots: 'Verdana' is no longer the default font. The default font changed to Matplotlib default 'DejaVu Sans'.
- Updates to `MamsiStructSearch` class to comply with future warnings - Pandas 3.0.


## v1.0.1
**Minor Bugs Update** 
- Fixes instances where flattened correlation clusters were misaligned to structural clusters.
- Readme licence badge links directly to GitHub licence file (URL).


## v1.0.0
**Initial Release**
</details>
